we know that Marta took a plane from Madrid to
Tenerife a few days ago where we saw that she had a
wonderful time there in
Tenerife there is a club called
Olimpo where she apparently
met up with a boy she already knew
from the past not this boy with whom she
has quite a good feeling because here
Marta assured us because we asked her
and I think I remember that she said that her
first serious relationship had been with
Antonio David the information that was
passed on to me is that with this boy who they
had already spoken to a few days before and they both
knew that they were going to be there they were going to
coincide they are already in a relationship that
while with Antonio David this boy
keeps looking for her and this boy keeps
calling her but Marta doesn't agree to this
boy Because Marta was in love
with Antonio David and apparently tonight her
friend Ana spends the night at the hotel
where they were staying but Marta does
n't spend that night at the hotel but
she was Well having a good time
and getting to know this boy they
could even have all ended up enjoying
a night